# Technical Documentation
## Introduction
Hello! My name is **Dmitrii** **Zhukov** and I work as a Senior Technical Writer and Writers Team Lead in the **Hazeltree** company. The company provides a cloud-based solution for treasury management and planning. The platform itself represents a multi-component application that consists of modules, each developed for a particular task: cash management, risk mitigation, FX hedging, private equity, loan positions, securities and collateral management. I was the first and only Technical Writer for four years and I have used this time to create a monolith techincal documentation block: public and private User Guides, regular Release Notes, internal WIKI articles, small How To's and Readme's, Public REST API documentation, short educatory videos. I have also performed live presentations of "how does this work" topic. I have solely created and integrated an online Knowledge Base site - it is now available for our clients directly from the platform. Later I have become a head of the Writers department and managed a team of Technical Writers: their work was extensive and I showed myself as an effective and productive manager and team lead.
## Contents
This repository contains several examples of my work. The majority of the documentation was created in  Microsoft Word. Prior to the Microsoft Word we used Markdown tools. Here you will find examples of Release Notes, User Guides, fragments of presentations I conducted. **NOTE:** Lots of stuff I have created is represented as screenshots with items covered with black rectangles. Due to my company's security policy I am required to hide every little detail that can give away our clients or their data. The policy is strongly respected by me.
